README.md, before:

Pledge-Agent
======

[![Software License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL--3.0-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/pledge-agent.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/pledge-agent)
[![npm weekly downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/pledge-agent.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/pledge-agent)

## Prerequisites

- nodejs >= 10
- wallets for all coins you want to pledge from

## Setup

```bash
npm install --global pledge-agent
pledge-agent
```

## Updating the agent

```bash
npm update --global pledge-agent
```

## Donate

- BHD: 33fKEwAHxVwnrhisREFdSNmZkguo76a2ML
- LHD: 35NfQXpTdqAEGYpJyqteh8Lmn9RXrjN2Jp
- BOOM: BOOM-BVUD-7VWE-HD7F-6RX4P
- BURST: BURST-BVUD-7VWE-HD7F-6RX4P
- DISC: 1F9nVpiA7iKcrpyHCGw6AeqMdU9EebZmrw
- HDD: 34woZ2UCkJMbMa3RUdA846x2Byg8mM61S3
- ETH: 0xfEc6F48633A7c557b4ac5c37B4519C55CD701BEF
- BTC: 14rbdLr2YXDkguVaqRKnPftTPX52tnv2x2
- PP: https://www.paypal.me/felixbrucker

## Changelog

A Changelog can be found [here](https://github.com/felixbrucker/pledge-agent/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

## License

GNU GPLv3 (see [LICENSE](https://github.com/felixbrucker/pledge-agent/blob/master/LICENSE))

Commit message:

Add link to the docs

README.md, after:

Pledge-Agent
======

[![Software License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL--3.0-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/pledge-agent.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/pledge-agent)
[![npm weekly downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/pledge-agent.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/pledge-agent)

## Prerequisites

- nodejs >= 10
- wallets for all coins you want to pledge from

## Getting started

If you are unsure on how to proceed check the [Docs](https://docs.foxypool.io/pledge-agent/).

## Setup

```bash
npm install --global pledge-agent
pledge-agent
```

## Updating the agent

```bash
npm update --global pledge-agent
```

## Donate

- BHD: 33fKEwAHxVwnrhisREFdSNmZkguo76a2ML
- LHD: 35NfQXpTdqAEGYpJyqteh8Lmn9RXrjN2Jp
- BOOM: BOOM-BVUD-7VWE-HD7F-6RX4P
- BURST: BURST-BVUD-7VWE-HD7F-6RX4P
- DISC: 1F9nVpiA7iKcrpyHCGw6AeqMdU9EebZmrw
- HDD: 34woZ2UCkJMbMa3RUdA846x2Byg8mM61S3
- ETH: 0xfEc6F48633A7c557b4ac5c37B4519C55CD701BEF
- BTC: 14rbdLr2YXDkguVaqRKnPftTPX52tnv2x2
- PP: https://www.paypal.me/felixbrucker

## Changelog

A Changelog can be found [here](https://github.com/felixbrucker/pledge-agent/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

## License

GNU GPLv3 (see [LICENSE](https://github.com/felixbrucker/pledge-agent/blob/master/LICENSE))
